1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Ans: functions can be used at any time and any where required without writing everytime. we create the function once and can be reused the logic instantly. 

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
Ans: when were it is called.

3. What statement creates a function?
Ans: def

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Ans: A function is just a block of code which contain the logic to perform required operation.
But function call is using that block of code wherever required in program.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
Ans: one global scope and one local scope  

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
Ans: it returns as output

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
Ans: return value concept is used to get an mandated output, i.e, if we require a output once the function is executed then we wirte return value at the end.
no it is not possible to give a return value in expression.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
Ans: nothing, fucntion just performs its operation or logic.

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
Ans: by writing global keyword before variable name.

10. What is the data type of None?
Ans: Nonetype

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
Ans: it is not a valid or existing module in python, so it shows an error.

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
Ans: bacon()

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
Ans: we can write the program in try block and it encounters an error, program jump to except block where it gives an message regarding the error without crashing the entire program.
This concept is called as exceptional handling.


14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
Ans: try is the block which handles the program to avoid crashing from error, and except block is to handle the error with throwing a related message regarding error. 
